BEAST 2
=======

BEAST is a cross-platform program for Bayesian inference using MCMC of
molecular sequences. It is entirely orientated towards rooted,
time-measured phylogenies inferred using strict or relaxed molecular
clock models. It can be used as a method of reconstructing phylogenies
but is also a framework for testing evolutionary hypotheses without
conditioning on a single tree topology. BEAST uses MCMC to average
over tree space, so that each tree is weighted proportional to its
posterior probability. We include a simple to use user-interface
program for setting up standard analyses and a suit of programs for
analysing the results.

NOTE: This directory contains the BEAST 2 source code, and is
therefore of interest primarily to BEAST 2 developers.  For binary
releases, user tutorials and other information you should visit the
project website at www.beast2.org.

Development Rules and Philosophy
--------------------------------

Aspects relating to BEAST 2 development such as coding style, version
numbering and design philosophy are discussed on the BEAST 2 web page at
http://beast2.org/core-development-rules/.

License
-------

BEAST 2 is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published
by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2.1 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This software is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
Lesser General Public License contained in the file COPYING for more
details.
